Updated sfu migration, storage config, recordings overview in how-to … (#1782)
100mslive/100ms-docs: docs/server-side/v2/how-to-guides/recordings/overview.mdx

### Automate start recording (Optional)

<Tabs id="automate-start-recording" items={['For all rooms and sessions (Through Dashboard)','For specific rooms and sessions ']} />

<Tab id='automate-start-recording-0'>

> If you wish to automatically start 'Room composite' recordings for all your rooms and sessions when the first peer joins, you can enable the **'Enable auto-start on room join'** toggle in the **Recording** settings on the template dashboard. Note that enabling this will disable HLS and RTMP streaming for that template if you have them enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to automatically start 'Room composite' recordings for all your rooms and sessions when the first peer joins, you can enable the **'Enable auto-start on room join'** toggle in the **Recording** tab of the template in the 100ms dashboard. Note that enabling this will disable HLS and RTMP streaming for that template if you have them enabled.
```
